The conflict involves the Sudanese military and the Janjaweed, a militia group made up mostly of people from the Abbala tribes in the Rizeigat region of Sudan.
Jeddah is a major entrance to Mecca, Islam's most sacred city.  Muslims who can travel must visit it at least once in their lives.
The Great Dark Spot on Neptune is like a hole in the gas layer above its clouds.
"Saturday" tells the story of a successful neurosurgeon's very busy day.
The spider, who was playful and mischievous, tied a black string to a ball and ran quickly eastward, pulling hard on the string.
He died six weeks later on January 13, 888.
They are similar to the people living in coastal Papua New Guinea.
Since 2000, the Kate Greenaway Medal winner has received a £5000 award called the Colin Mears Award.
Dancers follow the drummers. They often use a small drum called a sogo and perform intricate, sometimes acrobatic, dances.
The spacecraft has two parts: the NASA Cassini orbiter, named after Giovanni Domenico Cassini, and the ESA Huygens probe, named after Christiaan Huygens.
Alessandro Mazzola, born on November 8, 1942, was an Italian former football player.
People thought the debris from the collision would fill in the smaller craters.
Graham graduated from Wheaton College in 1943 with a degree in anthropology.
The BZÖ party is different from the Freedom Party. They support a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty but oppose EU withdrawal.
Many species disappeared by the end of the 19th century because of European settlements.
Wexler was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Dextromethorphan is a white powder in its purest form.
Tsinghua admission is very difficult.
Today, NRC is a private foundation.
It is located on the Baltic Sea coast. It protects the city of Stralsund.
He won Sportsman of the Year in 1982 from Sports Illustrated.
Fives is a British game that may have come from similar games like racquets.
On King Bhumibol's birthday, Thailand is decorated in yellow.
Both names were combined to form The National Museum of Scotland in 2007.
Tagore learned from many different art forms, such as crafts from northern New Ireland, carvings from British Columbia, and woodcuts made by Max Pechstein.
On October 14, 1960, John F. Kennedy proposed the idea for the Peace Corps at the Michigan Union.
She performed for President Reagan in 1988's "Great Performances" TV show on PBS.
Perry Saturn and Terri won the WWF European Championship from Eddie Guerrero and Chyna in a match that lasted 8 minutes and 10 seconds. Saturn pinned Guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
She stayed in the United States until 1927, then moved back to France with her husband.
Despina was found in July 1989 using pictures from the Voyager 2 spacecraft.
The first Italian Grand Prix race happened on September 4, 1921, in Brescia.
He wrote two books of short stories: "The Ribbajack & Other Curious Yarns" and "Seven Strange and Ghostly Tales".
Voyager 2's images show Ophelia as a long shape with its main part pointing toward Uranus.
The British wanted to get rid of him and take his land by force.
Some towns along the Eyre Highway in Western Australia's southeast don't use the official state time.
Shell pieces with colorful and shiny shells were used to make mosaics and inlays on walls, furniture, and boxes.
The Palos Verdes Peninsula has three incorporated cities: Rancho Palos Verdes, Rolling Hills Estates, and Rolling Hills.
Clank is afraid of Drek destroying the galaxy. He asks Ratchet to find Captain Qwark, a superhero, to stop Drek.
It's not a real louse.
He believes in using a user-friendly approach to design products and wants to make interaction design more common.
It might be that other editors and the administrator who banned you were part of a plan to harm someone far away.
Working Group I studies the science behind climate systems and how they change.
The island chain is part of the Hebrides. It is separated from the Scottish mainland and the Inner Hebrides by the rough seas of the Minch, Little Minch, and the Sea of the Hebrides.
Orton and his wife had a daughter named Alanna Marie Orton on July 12, 2008.
The Minor Planet Center, part of the IAU, assigns number-name combinations for formal minor planets.
Wind shear increased sharply by early September 30th, causing the weather pattern to weaken.
Each entry has a copy of the data stored elsewhere.
Mosques may not strictly enforce all rules, but everyone attending, regardless of gender, must follow the guidelines.
Mariel of Redwall is a fantasy book written by Brian Jacques and published in 1991.
Ryan Prosser is a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby in the English Premiership.
It has four reports, with three coming from its working groups.
Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris. Their grandson Pierre Joliot is a biochemist.
This stamp was used as the standard letter stamp throughout Victoria's rule and many were made.
The International Fight League was an American company that promoted mixed martial arts (MMA).  It was called the world's first MMA league.
Giardia lamblia is a type of parasite that lives in the small intestine and causes giardiasis.
Cameron has also acted in Christian-themed movies like "Left Behind: The Movie," "Left Behind II: Tribulation Force," and "Left Behind: World at War." He plays the role of Cameron "Buck" Williams in these films.
This was the eastern part of the land near the Vistula River, often called "Prussia."
After graduating, he went back to Yerevan to teach at the Conservatory. He then became the artistic director of the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.
The story of Christmas comes from the Bible's Gospels of Matthew and Luke.
Weelkes had problems with the officials at Chichester Cathedral because he drank too much and acted badly.
The celebrity episodes of this show have featured Vic Reeves, Nancy Sorrell, Gaby Roslin, Scott Mills, Mark Chapman, Simon Gregson, Sue Cleaver, Carol Thatcher, Paul O'Grady, and Lee Ryan.
Stephen P. Synnott found a new object in pictures taken by the Voyager 1 spacecraft in 1979 while it was near Jupiter.
Gomaespuma was a Spanish radio show hosted by Juan Luis Cano and Guillermo Fesser.
The Resistance was officially released on June 16, 2009.
He is a member of the 183 Club, a boy band.
The tradition of singing Hallel psalms with Alleluia as a refrain during early Christian meals is described by Hippolytus.
Rollo promised loyalty to Charles, became a Christian, and pledged to protect northern France from attacks by other Vikings.
It comes from Voice of America's Special English program.
Disney received an Oscar statue from Shirley Temple, a young actress.
It was the first asteroid found by a spaceship.
Hinterrhein is a part of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
It is called Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
This causes confusion for consumers because 220 bytes are called 1 MB, even though they should be 1 MiB.
The incident has caused many discussions about ethical behavior in research.
They are neutered to make them calmer or help them gain weight faster.
Seventh sons have special magic powers, and those born to seventh sons are very rare and powerful.
PassMark Software's benchmarking showed that the 2009 version of the software took 52 seconds to install, 32 seconds to scan, and used 7 MB of memory.
Volterra is in Italy, in the Tuscany region.
We used to think itch and pain were always connected. But now we know they are similar, but also different.
The tongue is sticky because of a mucus that contains lots of protein. This mucus helps the tongue move easily and also catches insects like ants and termites.
The tram derailed at Starr Gate loop on May 30, 2006, during previous tests.
There are statues of Sir Alf Ramsey and Sir Bobby Robson outside the football stadium.
Calculate the square root of the variance.
Volunteers gave food, blankets, water, toys, massages, and a concert to people at the stadium.
Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a town in the Sarthe region of France, near the northwest coast.
If there are no rules about how land can be used, buildings will go up along a bypass, turning it into a regular street. This could make the bypass just as crowded as the roads it was meant to improve.
It's a good place to start exploring Cooktown, Cape York Peninsula, and the Atherton Tableland.
Bruises can hurt, but they're usually not serious.
Wikipedia users are not responsible for the information on this website.
George Frideric Handel was a musician who worked as the music director for George, Elector of Hanover.  He later became King George I of Great Britain.
They have small eyes and poor eyesight.
They are as tough as chitin, the toughest biological material.
Oregano is important for Greek cooking.
You can buy tickets for National Rail, the Docklands Light Railway, and Oyster cards.
He made and published his own artwork, while most of his large woodcuts were created for others to commission.
The historical method is how historians use primary sources and other evidence to study the past and write about it.
The large ice cap covering Lake Vostok is thought to be responsible for the high amount of oxygen in the lake.
In 2000, there were 89,148 people.
Aliteracy means being able to read, but not wanting to read.
Mifepristone is a medicine made from chemicals.
It will detach, sink to the bottom of the river, and eat its food before waiting for another meal.
Children are less likely to tell the police about a crime if it involves someone they know, trust, or care about.
Landis' father now supports his son strongly and considers himself a big fan of Floyd.
Shortly after becoming very strong, the hurricane's outer winds became disorganized.
The wage is the price that balances supply and demand for that type of labor.
They believed the land was haunted and published their research in a book called "An Adventure" in 1911 using the names Elizabeth Morison and Frances Lamont.
He lived in London and taught practical lessons.
Brunstad has many restaurants, including fast food places, a cafeteria, a coffee shop, and a grocery store.
He left 11,000 soldiers in charge of the new territory.
In 1438, Trevi became part of the Church's rule under the leadership of Perugia.  From then on, its history was connected to the Church's states and later to the unified Kingdom of Italy in 1860.
The depression moved inland on the 20th and then disappeared over Brazil, causing heavy rain and flooding.
The New York City Housing Authority Police Department was a police force in New York City from 1952 to 1995.
The band members are Flynn (lead vocals and guitar), Duce (bass), Phil Demmel (guitar), and Dave McClain (drums).
Countries with a small Muslim population are more likely to use mosques for civic engagement than Muslim-majority countries in the Middle East.
The characters are like rude versions of Pete and Dud.
Johan played bass for the Swedish power metal band HammerFall, but left before their first studio album came out.
Culver won the election for Iowa Secretary of State in 1998.
Mark Messier won the Hart Trophy in 1990, beating Ray Bourque by one vote.
Shade breaks the rules and causes chaos, leading to the destruction of his colony's home and their forced move. This forces him to leave his people behind.
The female equivalent is a daughter.
He had inoperable abdominal cancer in April 1999.
The National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds before the storm arrived at the Outer Banks.
Speed chess is played with a time limit of twelve minutes per game.
The Amazon Basin is in South America and is covered by the Amazon River and its smaller rivers.
The two former presidents were accused of mutiny and treason for their involvement in the 1979 coup and the 1980 Gwangju massacre.
Damage was widespread along the Atlantic coast, reaching into West Virginia.
These computers are like zombies because their owner doesn't pay much attention to them.
A wave moved across the Atlantic Ocean. On September 13th, it formed a tropical depression near the northern coast of Haiti.
The Associated Press stylebook is updated every year.
The Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John were likely written between 65 and 100 AD.  They are also known as the Hebrew Gospel.
Eschelbronn is famous for making furniture, especially since the late 19th century.
The upper part looks like the coat of arms of the old Oberbarnim district.
Neptune's clouds are made of frozen methane, unlike Earth's clouds which are made of ice crystals.
They can participate only when they are adults.
Stable releases are uncommon, but Subversion snapshots are usually stable enough for use.
In 1482, the Order sent him to Florence, where he was destined to be.
The Bolsheviks destroyed two important buildings in Rostov during the Soviet era: St. Alexander Nevsky Cathedral (built in 1908) and St. George Cathedral in Nakhichevan (built between 1783 and 1807).
He died on May 29, 1518 in Madrid, Spain. He was buried in the church of San Benito d'Alcantara.
The Miller-Urey experiment, which showed how life could form, was done in 1953 by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey.
Cogeneration produces both electricity and heat at the same time using a power plant or a heat engine.
Sometimes, a male "den master" lets another male in the den. The reason why is unknown.
A Wikipedia gadget is a small piece of code you can add to Wikipedia. You can turn it on by choosing it from the settings menu.
Here are some helpful links for you.
He was the Prime Minister of Egypt twice, first from 1945 to 1946 and then again from 1946 to 1948.
She stayed behind when the other Nicoleños moved to the mainland.
James I made him a member of the Chapel Royal, where he played the organ from at least 1615 until he died.
Chauvin felt ashamed when he received his award and considered refusing it at first.
Esperanto speakers started seeing the language and its culture as important even if it wasn't used by big organizations like the UN.
Dry air caused the deep storms to weaken by early September 12th.
Calvin Baker is an American writer.
Eva Braun was the long-time partner and later wife of Adolf Hitler. She died on April 30, 1945.
Each version of the License has a unique version number.
You can connect to most IRC servers without registering, but you need to choose a nickname first.
That year, he got a mechanic's license, becoming the youngest certified airplane mechanic in New York.
SummerSlam 2009 is a professional wrestling event produced by WWE. It will be held on August 23, 2009, at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California.
He is often depicted as bald with long whiskers and is considered a representation of the Southern Star.
Some animals can change color depending on their surroundings. This happens seasonally for some, like ermines and snowshoe hares, or quickly using special cells called chromatophores found in their skin.
Val Venis won the WWF Intercontinental Championship by defeating Rikishi in a steel cage match.  Tazz helped Venis win by hitting Rikishi with a TV camera.
This is similar to the idea that Unix systems use many small programs, each designed for a specific task, which work together through common interfaces.
He grew up in a musical family. His mother, LaRue, worked as an administrative assistant and sang. His father, Keith Brion, was a music teacher at Yale.
Mennonites live in many places around the world, with the largest numbers in Canada, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the United States. They also have communities in many other countries.
Naas is a big town near Dublin. Many people live in Naas and work in Dublin.
Acanthopholis had armor made of oval plates that were placed close to its skin. The plates were arranged horizontally, and there were spikes on its neck, shoulders, and back.
Origin Irmo was founded on Christmas Eve in 1890 because a railroad opened there.
Bills proposed by the Law Commission and consolidation bills begin in the House of Lords.
Vlad lived in Budapest with his new wife before he started preparing to take back Wallachia in 1474.
You can add a short introduction at the front and back cover of the book.
He is buried in Restvale Cemetery in Alsip, Illinois.
Bone marrow is soft tissue inside bones.
Reflection nebulae are often blue because blue light scatters better than red light. This is the same reason why we see blue skies and red sunsets.
Monteux is a town in southern France, part of the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.
MacGruber tries to disarm a bomb using simple objects, but then gets sidetracked by personal problems and runs out of time.
Messiaen finished his work before he died. Yvonne Loriod completed the last movement of the piece with help from George Benjamin.
Shi'a Muslims believe Karbala is a very holy city, like Mecca, Medina, Jerusalem, and Najaf.
The People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD) demanded that the governments of Thaksin Shinawatra, Samak Sundaravej, and Somchai Wongsawat resign. The PAD believed these leaders were working for Thaksin.
To travel in very remote areas, you need to plan ahead and have a good, reliable car, usually a four-wheel drive.
He was the chief architect of the Fisher Building in 1928 while working at Kahn.
He leaves to go to rehearsal and then leaves with Dr. Schön.
Britpop was a style of music that came from the British independent music scene in the early 1990s. It was inspired by British guitar pop bands from the 1960s and 1970s.
This was incorporated into the battalions forming the XI International Brigade.
The Sheppard line has fewer riders than the other two subway lines, and it uses shorter trains.
It is the largest stadium in Europe, with a capacity of 98,772 people.
In December 1967, Ten Boom was recognized as a Righteous Among the Nations by the State of Israel.
Some articles are long and have a lot of information, while others are short and less detailed.
About 95 species are accepted now.
Eugowra is called "The place where the sand washes down the hill" by Indigenous Australians.
We often use words like "underwear" instead of "pants" and "movie" instead of "film."
Jurisdiction gets its power from rules about international law, how different countries handle legal disputes, and the laws that govern a country's government. It also uses these laws to decide how to use resources for the benefit of its people.
He wrote several more pieces about Hiawatha: "The Death of Minnehaha," "Overture to The Song of Hiawatha," and "Hiawatha's Departure."
Aracaju is the capital of the state.
Farrenc earned less money than men in her field for almost ten years.
Gumbasia was made using a filmmaking technique called Kinesthetic Film Principles, which Vorkapich taught.
Brandon Waise Lee was MK Sun's role model, and he became a lawyer like his idol.
ISBN 1-876429-14-3 is a historical town near Cowra in New South Wales, Australia.
Donaldson joined the Australian Army on June 18, 2002.
Prospectors from California, Europe, and China dug along the Peel River and on the mountain slopes.
Before calculators were invented, people used them for calculations in science and engineering.
The Kindle 2 has a grayscale display with 16 levels of darkness, longer battery life, faster page turning, a voice reading feature, and is thinner than the original model at 0.36 inches.
Yogurt is a food made from milk that is fermented by bacteria.
More defencemen than any other position are in the Hall of Fame (75), while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
Throughout history, people have suggested different ideas about the subject, but these ideas were never accepted by most Christian groups.
The album was banned from many stores across the country.
The legs are wide at the knee but narrow at the ankles.
In late 2004, Suleman caused a big news story by stopping Howard Stern's radio program on four stations. He did this because Stern was talking about moving to Sirius Satellite Radio.
The company opened twice as many Canadian stores as McDonald's.  Their sales were also higher than McDonald's in Canada by 2002.
Captain Caleb Holt, a firefighter in Albany, Georgia, always follows the rule that firefighters must never leave their partners behind.
He won the 2008 presidential election with 71.25% of the votes.
The plant is very old and looks like it hasn't changed much over time.
In 1990, she was the only woman who could perform in Saudi Arabia.
Stravinsky first thought about writing a ballet in 1913.
Protests were stopped nationwide.
Offenbach's operettas like "Orpheus in the Underworld" and "La Belle Hélène" were very popular in France and England during the 1850s and 1860s.
Roof tiles from the Tang Dynasty, with a specific symbol, were found west of the old city of Chang'an.
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French musician who played the organ, piano, composed music, and taught others how to play.
The instrument was difficult to play well.
Santa Maria Maggiore is the oldest church in Assisi.
The composition is mostly iron and nickel.
Railway Gazette International is a magazine about trains, subway systems, light rail, and trams around the world.
He received the Companion of Honor in 1988.
Loèche houses the equipment used by Onyx, a Swiss system for collecting electronic intelligence.
A matchbook is a small, cardboard box that holds matches and has a rough surface to strike them.
She was one of the first doctors to oppose smoking near children and drug use by pregnant women.
She swore she would never leave the Commune and challenged the judges to condemn her to death.
There is a three-volume manga series about Graystripe, from when he was captured by humans in "Dawn" to his return to ThunderClan in "The Sight."
Syrians did not live in separate areas, and many who came from peddling jobs could easily talk to Americans every day.
He was famous for his prints, book covers, posters, and metalwork furniture.
She had serious health problems as a child, including collapsed lungs, frequent pneumonia, an appendix rupture, and a tonsil cyst.
Dr. David Lindenmeyer from the Australian National University believes that logging practices are not environmentally friendly because they harm animals that live in hollow trees, such as the Leadbeater's possum.
The Montreal Canadiens is a professional hockey team from Montreal, Canada.
Small inductors can be made on integrated circuits using the same methods as making transistors.
The term "grible" was first used to describe wood-boring insects, particularly the first one discovered in Norway by Rathke in 1799, called *Limnoria lignorum*.
Club injuries are called bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma.
After that, the county government was held in Duns or Lauder until Greenlaw became the county seat in 1596.
No one has ever performed a quadruple Axel in a competition.
The Port Jackson District Commandant could talk to all military installations in the harbor from the telephone exchange.
Even if you go into a mosque's prayer hall without wanting to pray, there are still rules to follow.
It is pointy and small, like a rabbit.
Computer performance measures how much work a computer can do with its time and resources.
The Volga River has many large reservoirs.
The crosier represents monasteries in the area.
Human skin comes in many colors, from dark brown to light pink.
ShoreBank bankers helped Yunus start his bank officially with a grant from the Ford Foundation.
Bremer said he planned to try Saddam Hussein, but he did not have all the details for the trial yet.
The Professional Hockey Writers' Association chooses the All-Star team at the end of the hockey season.
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan share borders with Afghanistan to the north, Iran to the west, Pakistan to the south, and China to the east.
Nupedia was started in 2000 by Bomis, Inc., a company that runs websites.
The design has special boxes that change based on the key, and a complicated way to choose keys.
Iain Grieve was born in Botswana on February 19, 1987. He plays rugby for Bristol Rugby in England's top league.
Other nearby towns are Pont-Bellanger and Beaumesnil.
In 1964, physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig independently proposed the quark model.
The fourth ring was decorated with gold garlands in 1938 and was added when the column was moved to its current position.
West Berlin had its own post office, different from the one in West Germany. It issued its own stamps until 1990.
The Primavera is a painting by Sandro Botticelli, created around 1482.
Sydney is the biggest city and capital of New South Wales.
The polymer most commonly used is epoxy, but other types like polyester, vinyl ester, and nylon can be used too.
The name lives on as a brand for a TV channel, radio station, and website that were created after the magazine stopped publishing.
He lived on the streets of northern Italy for four years, starting at age four and a half. He moved between orphanages and traveled with other homeless children.
Stands were added behind goalposts in the 1980s and 1990s as the football field was being modernized.
A town can still be called a market town or have market rights even if it doesn't hold a market anymore, as long as that right is still valid.
A fortress was built later on the eastern side.
On July 29th, 1030, a battle took place at Stiklestad in Norway. King Olav Haraldsson was defeated by his pagan followers and died in the fight.
Others believe Tresca was killed by the NKVD because she criticized the Soviet government's leader, Stalin.
Montenegro and Serbia became independent countries because of this.
Use HTML and CSS sparingly, only when necessary for a specific purpose.
Schuschnigg denied the reports of riots.
Addiscombe is a neighborhood in Croydon, London, England.
A constituent can also mean a person living in an area where a politician works. This usually refers to people who voted for the politician.
Prunk is a member of both the Institute of European History in Mainz and the Center for European Integration Studies in Bonn.
Stallone appeared in a small role in the 2003 French movie Taxi 3, as a passenger.
The crew built a trailer with an arm that could extend out like a crane. They filmed the scene as they drove on Templin Highway, north of Santa Clarita.
The conference papers were published in a book called "Microeconomic Foundations of Employment and Inflation Theory" the following year by Phelps et al.
Wario Land is a series of platform games. It began with Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3, which was made as a separate game from the Super Mario Land series.
Frédéric Chopin wrote a piece called Opus 57, which is a lullaby for piano.
These attacks might be caused by mental problems, not physical ones.
A historian said that quinine helped colonists expand their reach in West Africa.
Spectroscopic studies show that the surface is made up of hydrated minerals and silicates, suggesting a rocky composition.
She was the editor in charge of her husband's work for Breitkopf und Härtel.
Mercury looks like the moon: it has many craters and flat areas, but no moons or thick air.
The town is located in the Limmat valley, between Baden and Zürich.
These are ideal habitats for chinkara, hog deer, and blue bulls.
Dhaka was ruled by Turkish and Afghan leaders after the Sena dynasty ended. They came from the Delhi Sultanate before the Mughal Empire arrived in 1608.
The Prime Minister can stay in office only if they have the support of the lower house.
This scene is important for Rowling because it shows Harry being brave. He also shows selflessness and compassion by retrieving Cedric's body.
On June 1, 1972, he was arrested with Jan-Carl Raspe and Holger Meins after a gunfight in Frankfurt.
They formed a group called New Music Manchester that focused on modern music.
The hurricane was very strong and caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida Keys. A large wave reached up to 18 to 20 feet high.
It is now a place where pilgrims can find a tomb-shrine for Meher Baba, along with other facilities.
The church's dome is completely fixed.
In 2005, Meissner won a national competition by performing the triple Axel jump.
Salem is a city in Massachusetts, USA.
Forty-nine types of pipefish and nine types of seahorses have been found.
Saint Martin is a tropical island near Puerto Rico.
These PDFs cannot be shared without changes if they include pictures.
Ben was arrested in April 1862 by Police Inspector Sir Frederick Pottinger because he had participated in a robbery with Frank Gardiner.
Heavy rain caused flooding in parts of Britain on October 5th.
Version 2009.1 has a USB installer that lets you make a bootable USB drive. You can save your settings and personal information on it if you want.
The FDP had 2 seats, the CVP had 2, the SP had 2, and the SVP had 1 in the Federal Assembly.
A fee is the payment someone makes for professional services, like doctors' fees or lawyer fees.
Ohio State has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
Iceland and Greenland joined Norway. Scotland fought off a Norse attack and made a good deal with them.
The album had songs called "By the Way," "The Zephyr Song," "Can't Stop," "Dosed," and "Universally Speaking."
MINIX became free software in April 2000.  However, other operating systems were more advanced, so MINIX was mainly used by students and hobbyists.
The body has colors ranging from light brown to yellow-brown to white. It can also have dark brown spots, especially on its legs.
The Britannica company was from Scotland, shown by its thistle logo.
The warning area expanded southward as Hurricane Jose strengthened, then was canceled after making landfall on September 23.
In August 2003, the San Diego Union Tribune reported that US Marines used Mark 77 firebombs against Iraqi Republican Guard soldiers in the early stages of the war.
The later provided information similar to intertitles, helping historians understand how the movie might have looked.
Real estate, businesses, and other assets in the underground economies of developing countries cannot be used as security for loans to fund industrial and commercial growth.
He was shot and killed in 1796 after running away from Sydney Cove many times.
Ned and Dan ordered the police to surrender at the camp.
The press thought Veeck's promotion for the second game was not good.
Joss Whedon said "Fray" will continue in a new video for the charity Equality Now.
A mutant is a fictional character from Marvel Comics.
The SAT is a common test used to help students get into colleges in the US.
Civil unrest in northern Italy led to the creation of Geisslerlieder, a type of medieval music sung by groups of people called Flagellants.
Some reports say that many things can make someone more likely to have paralysis or hallucinations.
He was sent to Australia for seven years.
Waugh said Charles was looking for love at the time he met Sebastian. He found a hidden garden behind a small door, which became a symbol for the story's themes.
Her relationship with the Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin was very important to her life.
The term "dorsal" means parts of an animal's body located on the back side or growing from that side.
Berzelius coined the term "protein." Mulder noticed that many proteins had the same chemical formula and likely consisted of one very large molecule.
The gang hid for 16 months after the Jerilderie raid to avoid being caught.
Barneville-la-Bertran is a town in France, near Normandy.
Color goes from orange to light yellow.
In 1963, a new section of the subway line began running north from Union Station, going under University Avenue and Queen's Park before ending near Bloor Street. It then turned west to reach St. George and Bloor Streets.
Before 1980, the Commonwealth Railways Central Australian line ran along the west side of the Simpson Desert.
It is located on an old path used for travel, leading westward across the mountains to Unalakleet.
People with cardiomyopathy have a high risk of having heart rhythm problems or dying suddenly from their heart.
It was the biggest area in Mesoamerica. It had many different landscapes, including mountains in the Sierra Madre and dry plains in northern Yucatan.
Google put the comic on Google Books, their website, and their blog. They also explained why they released it early.
Anyone can register their family history with the college. The college then checks it carefully and requires official documents to make any changes.
The book "Political Economy" was published in 1985, but it wasn't widely used in classrooms.
He toured with the IPO in 1990, playing in Moscow and Leningrad for their first show in the Soviet Union. He also toured with them in 1994, performing in China and India.
Napoleon captured many soldiers from Austria during a battle at Ulm.  The Austrian army was led by General Mack and he surrendered to Napoleon's army. This victory resulted in over 30,000 prisoners for Napoleon and 10,000 casualties for the losing side.
It is the economic heart of northern Nigeria, and it produces and exports peanuts.
Many people in South India speak one of the five Dravidian languages: Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, or Tulu.
Meteora won many awards and recognitions.
The WWF wrestlers fought back after a short pause.
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman wrote most of the songs.
Slavs began moving into the area in the 5th century.
Many new buildings were built on campus between 1900 and 1920, including buildings for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for natural science, Hill Auditorium, large hospitals and libraries, and two residence halls.
Winchester is a city in Illinois, USA.
The name Arzashkun is likely an Assyrian version of an Armenian name ending in -ka, derived from the name Arzash. This name has connections to ancient names like Arsene, Arsissa, which were used for a part of Lake Van.
She was one of 15 candidates chosen from 16,421 participants for the TV show.
It aired on ABC from September 21, 1993, to March 1, 2005.
The later device can be used in easier conditions.
Gimnasia hired two famous coaches, Francisco Maturana and Julio César Falcioni. However, neither coach was very successful.
Brighton is a city in Iowa, USA.
She appeared in many music videos, such as "It Girl" by John Oates and "Just Lose It" by Eminem.
Glinde received its town charter on June 24, 1979, which was the 750th anniversary of the village.
Pauline appeared in a Game Boy remake of Donkey Kong in 1994 and later in Mario vs. Donkey Kong 2: March of the Minis in 2006.  Although she is now called Mario's friend, she has been part of these games.
The vagina can stretch a lot during childbirth, becoming much wider than usual.
His exact birthday is unknown, but he is thought to have been born sometime between 1935 and 1939.
This measurement shows how much of a substance is needed to slow down a biological process by half.
The Bernese Alps extend beyond the Bernese Oberland region, including parts of Valais, Lucerne, Obwalden, Fribourg, and Vaud cantons.
He had a daughter named Mary Ann Fisher Power who was baptized.
Edward Gorey liked Bawden's work and felt few people knew about him.
The string vibrates in different ways, like a guitar string producing different sounds. Each way it vibrates creates a different type of particle, such as an electron, photon, or gluon.
Gable was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as Fletcher Christian in the movie "Mutiny on the Bounty" in 1935.